In likelihood weighting, we're going to
be collecting samples just like before.
But we're going to add a probabilistic
weight to each sample.
Now, let's say we want to compute
the probability of rain given
that the sprinklers are on and
the grass is wet.
We start as before,
we make a choice for cloudy.
And let's say that, again,
we choose cloudy being positive.
We want to make a choice for sprinkler.
But we're constrained to always
choose sprinkler being positive, so
we'll make that choice, and we know we
were dealing with cloudy being positive.
So, we're in this row and
we were forced to make this choice
of sprinkler being positive.
And that has a probability of only 0.1.
So, we'll put that 0.1 into the weight.
Next, we'll look at the rain variable,
and
here we're not constrained in any way.
So, we make a choice according to
the probability tables with cloudy being
positive and let's say that we
choose the more popular choice and
rain gets the positive value.
Now, we look at wet grass,
were constrained to choose positive and
we know that the parents
are also positive.
So, we're dealing with this row here.
Since it's a constrained choice,
we're going to add in or multiply in
an additional weight and I want you to
tell me what that weight should be.